Add link to Jupyter Notebooks in README.rst (#3959)
quantumlib/Cirq: README.rst

- `Documentation <https://quantumai.google/cirq>`_
- `Tutorials <https://quantumai.google/cirq/tutorials>`_

> Run the interactive Jupyter Notebooks in `Colab <https://colab.research.google.com/github/quantumlib/Cirq>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a comprehensive list all of the interactive Jupyter Notebooks in our repo (including the ones not yet published to the site) open our repo in `Colab <https://colab.research.google.com/github/quantumlib/Cirq>`_.
```

Reviewer: I would reword it this way, so that it's clear what users are clicking on. Can you update it please? and then I'll merge it.

Author: Done.
